when i was three four years old
change did all my surroundings did
very harsh I have not been to New Year
matinees I could not cope days
all sorts of birth
performance of course had to
construction sports
wellness center blue dream
Belarusian tennis player
parking spaces
Russia hopes that this is a place of links
development first and foremost of children
junior tennis to what extent
workouts exhibition of works to prepare
according to the future many of us
how many times which
and your country will not be according to
injured but
leadership has purchased dollars especially for
children
This is a lightweight text which is necessary pianist
I am personally more normal than a child
easier perfecting the movements of criticism they
will become the port given more universal
specifically our covered is called
luck
in the subway restored after April 7
to participate
maxim of peace
predict his photo games in various
types of coating
flight three days, I think quite expensive
even aristocratic
agencies are technically difficult to find halls
reasonable prices our pricing policy
designed with such
considering to make a situation a sport
maximum available for nails
for example the percentage of a subscription for a loan to
month ahead
for 8 9 months with victoria decree
visits during the week
but worth
100 000
that is, it is basically a report on the price
feeling our citizens can
allow to give the child at least for
so that he tried
play versus prices
on others
interesting cubes that us places
are working
60 thousand are valued on the city roll out
hour rental
here is the value of a center
funded by
due to
let's say profits and the center itself we are not
use
state support not
received no grants invested
funds position of some kind of investment and
it is only at the expense of the center itself
and naturally housing a lot of time that i
active professional
career first racket of Belarus on
motherland
central district residents
as parents separately further
the winner of the match between the whole
training process in our
the sports center will be in the desktop
tennis to be under constant
control Nikolai Nikolaevich and was not
on maxim's father
who is a deserved trainer
in the Republic of Belarus
every day will be here
give good advice and our
coaches
communicate with parents
Maxim himself will also be active
participate in this
as far as possible they will
some master classes
with his participation at the end of his
professional career
Maksim
plan to also be actively involved
activity dispute center
and communication with visitors and the media
lessons transfer all his accumulated
knowledge and at our place and abroad our
coaches
eldest son